Ah uncle
You can't be kidding.
No kidding.
Do you think I'm joking?
My second young master, what do you mean?
Excuse me.
Me and Van
Just a bunch
This is a contract
Share transfer lost
What!
Then I transferred my shares to Mr. Lu at a low price
It's that simple.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey
Xiaobai, this is your fault, right?
Did I say
What will happen to you father and son
Sadly I don't think so
Even without shares
There are still billions of dignity in the family
The photo has not been lost.
Where is Sun Kuo Sun Zhifei and his son?
Excuse me, what's this?
No bad jealousy
Someone real-name authentication barbarian father and son suspected of bullying women
Now cooperate with us to the second bureau for investigation
Don't forget it.
I was wrong.